feat(docs): remove embargo from docs as we do not do this (#931)
pathoplexus/pathoplexus: monorepo/website/src/pages/about/governance/data-submission.mdx

Author: ```suggestion
These Terms were updated on 11 May 2026 and are the current and valid version.
```

Open Data (whether open from submission or becoming open after the period of restriction ends) is also submitted by Pathoplexus to INSDC (via ENA), where it becomes additionally available on all INSDC platforms. 
Open Data also includes data pulled in from INSDC for supported pathogens to make it available to all Users alongside Restricted-Use Data.

Restricted-Use Data is available only within Pathoplexus, and can only be used in accordance with the [Data Use Terms](/about/terms-of-use/data-use-terms). 
It is **critical** that all Users familiarize themselves with the Data Use Terms, and in particular requirements for authorship and acknowledgement. 
Pathoplexus expects ethical use of all data (see [Data Use Terms](/about/terms-of-use/data-use-terms)).

> Users can specify the time period for which data is "Restricted-Use Data", up to a maximum of one year, and also manually release data from Restricted Use before the time period expires. When the Restricted Use period has ended, Restricted-Use Data becomes Open Data within this database, and is submitted on user's behalf to the INSDC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can specify the time period for which data is "Restricted-Use Data", up to a maximum of one year, and also manually release data from Restricted Use before the time period expires. When the Restricted Use period has ended, Restricted-Use Data becomes Open Data within Pathoplexus, and is submitted on user's behalf to the INSDC.
```
